In-depth layout in the field of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular and speed up
Event: The company's 2018 operating income and non-net profit deducted were approximately 13.67 billion yuan and 1.53 billion yuan, respectively, and the year-on-year growth rate was about -1.4% and 52% respectively; 2019Q1 operating income and non-net profit deducted were approximately 2.88 billion yuan. , 280 million yuan, the year-on-year growth rate was about 18.6%, 68.3%.
Q1 performance exceeded market expectations, and steady growth throughout the year is expected. The company's 2018 revenue was approximately 13.7 billion yuan, a year-on-year decrease of 1.4%. The revenue of its central cerebrovascular series was about 11 billion yuan, a year-on-year decrease of about 2%, the revenue of core subsidiary Shandong Danhong (Danhong injection) fell by 25%, and the revenue of Shaanxi Buchang (oral preparations such as Naoxintong) increased by about 1.8 %, the income of Tonghua Guhong (Guhong injection) increased by about 50%; the income of gynecology series was about 730 million yuan, a year-on-year decrease of about 15.4%; the income of urology series was about 440 million yuan, an increase of about 6.4%. The company's non-net profit in 2018 was approximately 1.53 billion yuan, an increase of approximately 52% year-on-year, which was approximately 6.5 percentage points higher than the revenue growth rate. The specific analysis is as follows: 1) The company's gross profit margin was approximately 82.8%, an increase of approximately 0.4 percentage points. The cost of materials and materials rose slightly, but product structure changes led to overall stability of the gross profit margin; 2) The company’s period expense ratio was approximately 67.7%, a year-on-year decrease of approximately 0.1 percentage point, which was well controlled. Among them, sales expenses were about 8 billion yuan, a year-on-year decrease of about 3%, and management R&D expenses totaled about 1.14 billion yuan, an increase of about 7% year-on-year. In a single quarter, the company's performance exceeded market expectations. 2019Q1 operating income and non-net profit deducted are approximately 28.8 billion yuan and 280 million yuan, respectively, and the year-on-year growth rate is approximately 18.6% and 68.3% respectively. We judge that it is related to the company's delivery season, and the annual profit increase is expected to exceed the budget. 5%.
Leading peers in the cardiovascular and cerebrovascular Chinese medicine industry accelerate the layout of innovative R&D products. 1) Obvious advantages in the field of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular drugs, the company's product treatment covers stroke, arrhythmia, insufficient blood supply, ischemic infarction and other diseases. The core products are Naoxintong Capsules, Wenxin Granules, Danhong Injection, Guhong Injection, Compound Brain Peptide Ganglioside Injection, Compound Tripotide Injection, and Ginkgo Honey Ring Oral Solution. The total annual revenue of Σ018 reached 9.14 billion. Among them, oral dosage forms have grown steadily; 2) Continued high-intensity research and development investment, the core layout of chronic diseases. In 2018, the company continued to increase R&D investment. During the period, R&D expenses were approximately 480 million yuan, a year-on-year increase of 4.2%. Actively select chemical drugs with clear targets and deploy advanced formulations of chemical drugs; in the field of biological drugs, for major diseases such as tumors, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular, osteoporosis, chronic diseases, chronic diseases and other fields, there are currently 10 biological products Research and development is underway, and some products have entered clinical phase II to phase III; 3) To improve the strategic layout of the big health industry chain, the company has a layout in various aspects of channels, research and development, and products, including online drug purchase platforms, diagnostic reagents and medical devices, Tumor early functional imaging technology and imaging early flight tumor minimally invasive precision diagnosis and treatment technology, etc.
Earnings forecasts and investment advice. It is estimated that the company's EPS from 2019 to 2021 will be 226 yuan, 2.39 yuan and 2.53 yuan, respectively, and the corresponding valuations are about 14 times, 13 times and 12 times respectively. The company's performance growth is stable, the research and development layout is active, and the first coverage is given an "overweight" rating. .